Welcome to the Ocean Studio here of the
Yahowah Vlog.
I am your host, Craig Winn,
and this handsome fellow here,
this is Wookie.
We're going to start a whole series of
Mizmowr
Four more are on the agenda.
They really flow right out of the first
eleven that Dowd revealed.
And
In them,
we are being afforded a choice between
siding with the family of God,
that would be the Beryth Covenant,
or the institutions of man,
that would be religion and politics,
conspiracy, militarism,
that sort of thing.
Dowd wants to provide the information that
we need so that we're equipped to make
an informed and rational decision.
Now, considering what follows,
I think this is a fine way to
introduce this psalm,
which is really consistent with the others
that we have seen previously.
It reads to the enduring leader.
It is La ha natsach to approach and on
behalf of the everlasting and majestic
director who endeavors to guide and who is
preeminent and distinguished,
even glorious forever.
And the interesting factor is that natsach
is a verb and it's modified by the
appeal participle and the masculine
singular.
The appeal means that it causes the
object,
the subject causes the object to
participate in the action,
which is leadership and enabling them to
approach.
And the participle makes it a verbal noun
so that
The verb is also manifest as a title.
So it's a really interesting way of
conveying a dedication really to a Mizmowr
or psalm.
So it is to the enduring leader above
and beyond the eighth octave.
It's a scale for eternity, if you will,
for heaven and beyond.
For shamynyth and shamynyth,
they are shamyny and Shamaym.
They are eight and infinite in time and
the spiritual realm.
It is an integration between those
concepts.
A song, a Mizmowr of Dowd,
whose name means beloved.
This is Mizmowr lyric to sing Psalm twelve
in its dedication.
Well,
this is the second of three occasions
where a shamynyth appears in the text
in reference to instrumentation or a song.
Closely related to shamynyth,
it should be
It would be, anyway,
natural to consider shamynyth to be the
eighth octave,
as the English term octave is based upon
the Latin word for eight, or octo.
The only problem with this approach is
that a harp can only play six and
a half octaves, not eight,
and the range exceeds other stringed
instruments.
Further,
this is a song the human voice is
only capable of performing within a four
octave range,
with the eighth octave residing at the
upward limit of what people can even hear.
So it's interesting, nevertheless,
that sheep, and God loves His sheep,
can hear well into the eighth octave,
but that makes them quite unique in this
regard.
In context, however,
when we consider a scale based upon eight
in harmony with Yahowah's nomenclature,
we're led to several thought-provoking
possibilities.
As we discussed in previous programs,
the eighth day of Sukah serves as a
reference to eternal life.
And this would be spent with God in
heaven, which is in the seventh dimension.
But the seventh dimension,
replete with all time,
could be considered the eighth octave.
Further, the Hebrew word for eight,
shamyny, is remarkably similar to Shamaym,
heaven.
And what God is offering us is sort
of interesting here when you put it all
in perspective.
We were given a Neshama to make man,
men and women,
more capable of relating to and engaging
with God when he offered us a Neshamah,
a conscience,
in addition to the Nepesh or souls that
permeated all other things.
And so with us having a Neshamah,
we could think our way to God,
which is unique.
And unfortunately,
the first men and women, Adam,
man and woman,
in the garden didn't use their Neshamah
well.
There was no indication that Adam was
observant.
he was responsive and certainly none that
he was reliable the things that god was
seeking from us to be able to take
us beyond where we currently are stuck in
three dimensions so what god decided to do
was to boot us out of the garden
and it wasn't a punishment or a penalty
but instead an opportunity within the
sheltered enclosure of the garden there
was no way for
humankind to ever develop in respect to
the three things that God wanted.
So outside of the garden,
at least we would be challenged.
There would be obstacles, stumbles,
mistakes, challenges to overcome.
And so with those,
we had an opportunity to demonstrate to
God that we could
be observant,
pay attention to what he was saying,
listen to what he had to convey to
us, respond to it,
engage in the relationship,
make a contribution to it,
and demonstrate that we were trustworthy,
that we could stumble and fall,
but yet get back up.
We could make mistakes and learn from
them.
And so what God has put in place
is that after we go through a seven
thousand year period,
so
the first six thousand years since we were
escorted out of eden will um come to
a conclusion in just over seven years um
it will be all done oh wow this
is going to be an interesting solution i
don't know if i'm going to be able
to get this fixed or not uh well
i'm not reading anything now
The only way, Rich, if you wouldn't mind,
I think Wookie stepped on the keyboard.
And what we need to do is to
figure out how we can get just the
text that we're going to be covering of
the psalm back up when we return to
it.
I will, in the meantime, continue.
We'll take Wookie back down.
Thank you.
Okay,
so what I was saying is that we're
going to be brought back to the garden.
So here you can see what our challenges
are.
Yeah, there we are.
That should work.
Yep, there we are.
Thank you.
All right.
Yeah, well, Wookie is, you know,
without opposable thumbs and the like,
they're not good with keyboards.
Wookie has been at my side translating for
the last few years,
and I'm not sure he's added much to
what we are learning.
But nonetheless,
he's an enthusiastic partner, as is Asher,
who mostly is a ground animal and doesn't
spend as much time on desks or tables.
due to her overall size.
What I was saying is that after six
thousand years,
I escorted out of the garden,
which will conclude here in twenty thirty
three,
just seven and a half years from now,
we are going to allow a mortal remnant
of Israel and some Gowym
back in to the conditions experienced in
Gan Eden this mortal remnant on Taruwah will be
purged of their guilt such that they're
ready to witness Yahowah's return with the
messiah Dowd on Kipurym and then enter the
garden as the earth is restored to those
conditions by ridding it of religious and
political influences on Sukah that'll be
the seventh of october in twenty thirty
three
giving that mortal remnant a thousand
years to demonstrate to God that they can
do what Adam and child could not.
Be observant, be responsive,
and be reliable.
And those who demonstrate that they are
capable of that and become covenant as a
result of it,
are going to be released from their
physical bodies and from the realm of
three dimensions and be able to travel
into the fourth, fifth, sixth,
and seventh dimensions during the eighth
octave,
during year seven thousand through forever
more.
But from that point on, we're dealing
not with the seventh millennia anymore
which will conclude after the thousand
years in Sukah but into the eighth
millennia and therefore the eighth day of
Sukah celebrated on an eternal basis and
that's precisely what is being conveyed
here so in context when we consider a
scale based upon eight in harmony with
Yahowah's nomenclature we're led to these
thought-provoking possibilities and
And so when we do this,
I think what we're seeing is that Dowd
is talking about
the benefit of what will happen between
year six thousand and seven thousand and
then between seven thousand on as we go
into the eighth millennia.
Now, also interesting musically,
there are seven notes in an octave, A,
B, C, D, E, F and G,
audibly affirming Yahowah's plan,
which is based upon seven.
It is one which reverberates throughout
his word in time.
For example, there are seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
They are Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which Dowd fulfilled in thirty-three CE,
Shabuwah and Taruwah, which are upcoming,
one very soon,
the other just seven years from now,
followed by God's return with Dowd on
Kipurym,
the day of reconciliations and our
re-entry into Eden,
as I have discussed on Sukah.
So consequently,
Dowd is dedicating this song to Yahowah in
recognition of his desire to spend his
eternity with his father and Shamaym in
heaven and for us to join him and
doing so by taking those seven steps that
bring us back to God.
He realizes that Yahowah is not pleased
with the conduct of men on earth and
that conditions will be far better
in the spiritual realm.
As evidence of this,
consider the implications of the name and
the verb which follow.
It begins Yahowah.
I have said this so many times,
but it always bears repeating.
Yahowah is an accurate transliteration of
the name of Elowah, God,
guided by His Towrah.
instructions regarding His Hayah,
existence, and our Shalowm, reconciliation.
In those words,
you have ample proof of the pronunciation
of God's name.
It is based on the verb Hayah,
to exist.
It tells you how to pronounce three of
the four letters.
And Elowah and Shalowm and Towrah all derive
the O sound from the Hebrew, wah.
Mystery solved.
You and I concur in choosing to save.
Yasa.
Yasa is the Hebrew verb that depicts
deliverance, emancipation, salvation,
all of these things.
It is a
Collection here of desires.
It was written both in the imperative
mood,
which conveys second-person volition.
This was you written in second-person
masculine singular.
Therefore,
you and the imperative mood would mean the
one being spoken of is expressing their
will, their choice.
And it was also conveyed in the paragogic he
which is an emphatic and cohortative,
which expresses first-person volition.
Therefore,
it is we agree in choosing to save.
You and I both want to save would
be a proper way of rendering this.
And he's speaking to Yahowah,
and his name is Dowd.
So Dowd and Yahowah concur that,
Both God and his beloved son have chosen
to save, to deliver, to rescue,
to free from harm's way,
to provide deliverance and salvation.
They said, unfortunately, however,
and by contrast,
the godly and steadfastly saved
dedicated, the chasyd,
those who are set apart, devoted,
and loyal.
It's from chasid to associate with what it
means to be merciful and good,
no longer exist and fail to perform.
For indeed,
those who are trustworthy and reliable
have vanished among the sons of Adam.
Wow.
There's more lyrics to sing Psalm twelve
one.
So here, just right out,
it's just laying it all out.
Yahowah is God's name.
Dowd is the name of his beloved son.
This Mizmowr was written by Dowd,
and he is speaking to Yahowah.
If you do not know and celebrate those
two names, you do not know God.
You have no chance whatsoever of ever
meeting him or ending up in heaven.
Zero.
You must know and celebrate Yahowah's name,
as did Dowd, and you must recognize him.
that it is a collective,
collaborative effort between Yahowah and
Dowd to save.
They both wanted to save us,
they both decided to save us,
they both agreed to save us,
and they have saved those of us who
are aware of what they accomplished
together.
Our salvation is the direct result of
Yahowah bringing Dowd's soul, his nephesh,
back.
in his second of three lives a thousand
years after his first of three lives for
him to serve his body that that soul
was inserted and to serve as the passover
lamb and then for his soul after the
body was discarded uh not discarded
incinerated actually in accordance with
the Towrah
His soul carried our guilt into Sheowl on
Matsah, thereby exonerating us,
so that then on Bikuwrym,
the spirit enveloping Dowd's nephesh soul
transported him back to his father in
Shamaym.
This is the way that the benefits of
the covenant were delivered.
This is how Yahowah, working through Dowd,
saved.
There is no other way.
You cannot be saved,
although you can be condemned through
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
The only means to salvation is through the
covenant and delivered by those
collaboration with Yahowah in the
fulfilling of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year thirty-three CE,
which is year four thousand YAH,
as they have attested.
So Yahowah,
you and I concur in choosing to save.
Now, the fact that they did so,
the fact that they told us that they
were going to do so,
and the fact that Yahowah and Dowd have
revealed that they are our savior,
collectively, collaboratively,
working together,
we are saved by the action of Yahowah
through Dowd.
Unfortunately, however,
And by contrast,
those people who are devoted,
who are steadfast, who are loyal, who are,
let's use that third aspect of what God's
looking for, reliable.
Those who are trustworthy.
He says they no longer exist.
They fail to engage.
They're no longer active.
They're inadequate.
There's nothing positive that I can report
regarding any of them.
So during Dowd's lifetime,
there were likely a few individuals who
would have joined him within the covenant.
But by the time that we even approach
his fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
the fulfillment of the spring Mowedym in
year thirty-three CE,
year four thousand YAH,
There are none.
In fact, from the time of Malachi,
the last of the prophets, to today, well,
at least until twenty-five years ago,
there wasn't a single person that God or
his beloved son, our Savior,
would view as steadfast, dedicated,
devoted, loyal, reliable.
Not one.
not one and it's a pity but it
is nonetheless the case so they did what
was necessary to fulfill passover Matsah
and which is unyeasted bread and firstborn
children but there were no takers and
there were no takers until we engaged to
reveal what needed to be understood and
accepted acted upon
to benefit until we actually came to
understand what God's looking for.
He wants us to be reliable, devoted,
loyal.
He wants us to engage and to remain
that way.
He's not asking here, not saying,
you know, there's no more perfect people.
He's not looking for perfect people.
He's looking for people who are dedicated.
People who will observe what it is that
He has to say, respond and engage,
making a contribution and remain devoted
to the cause.
And He says they no longer exist.
And they wouldn't exist for almost two
thousand years after that sacrifice.
It wasn't until Taruwah in two thousand one
that we began this process,
this journey back to God,
back to being observant,
responsive and reliable.
So he says, for indeed,
those who are trustworthy and reliant,
those who are reliable, dependable,
this is what God's looking for now.
We would not have even understood it had
we not gone back to the conditions in
Eden and figured out why God caused the
fall of man, why it was that...
man was booted out of the garden.
Why God anticipated this happening even
before Chawah was created.
So this is not about Chawah being beguiled
and biting into the fruit of the tree
of knowledge.
God had already made the determination
that he was removing himself from the
garden experience because Adam had become
unreliable,
unable to
to pay attention,
unwilling to pay attention to what was
happening.
We're going to take our orchid down again.
We have very strong crosswinds.
Fortunately,
I've got some girth to me and not
going to blow away,
nor will Asher here at my feet.
Even Shushman, I think,
is fairly stout here.
But nonetheless,
we do have some significant trade winds at
the moment.
But it was really quite recently that we
came to understand that it was Adam's
failure to be trustworthy, to be reliable,
to be observant, to be devoted,
to engaging with God that caused God to
forestall the garden experience and to
create this opportunity over six thousand
years for us to get our act together,
for us to pay attention to what God
is offering and to respond to Him and
then to demonstrate
Our devotion, our reliability,
if you will.
And he's saying that those things had
vanished.
There was no one who was trustworthy or
reliable from the time of Malachi,
really to the time, twenty five years ago,
that we began this process.
And gradually over the years,
those who have read these books and who
have listened to us have reemerged.
And so among all the sons of man,
now there are some.
And I don't know the quantity.
I don't even care.
It might sound callous, but I don't.
Our job,
my job with the Yahowah and the group
of dedicated,
devoted men and women who are part of
the covenant family serving in support of
this mission.
is not to encourage a lot of people
to become part of the covenant.
Our job is to encourage those who are
to remain observant, responsive,
persistent, and reliable.
And for us to encourage those who are
willing to disavow religion,
to walk away from
religion and politics,
and to take the time,
invest the energy to be observant,
come to know what God has said.
You can do so by reading the books
at YadaYah.com,
but be aware there's thirty-five of them,
twenty-five thousand pages.
If you read at a normal rate for
processing this kind of information,
Three hours a night,
it's a year's worth of reading to be
up to speed with where we are.
And even then,
most of those who are part of the
covenant family have read these books
multiple times.
We are running out of time for that
point of view.
But for those who are listening and want
to be part of the Shabuwah harvest,
you've got a lot to catch up on,
a lot to read.
I hope that you do.
That would be a marvelous situation.
But understanding the world's not going to
wait for you.
God's not going to wait for you.
You're going to have to get up to
speed and in a hurry and then demonstrate
that you're worthy of being trusted in
this regard.
But the good news for you that should
you miss it,
there will be a Taruwah leaning.
seven years thereafter.
And seven years is plenty of time to
read all of these books,
to listen to these programs,
to come to know Yahowah as He is,
and demonstrate that you can be observant,
that you are willing to engage and make
a contribution,
and that you are dependable.
Not perfect, but dependable,
which means that if you make a mistake,
you'll learn from it.
If you stumble and fall,
you'll get back up.
This is what God is looking for.
So the opening statement is just two words
long,
and yet it defines the mission of Father
and Son and His offer and our opportunity,
this consensus on liberation and
salvation.
was expressed in the cohortative,
which is first-person volition,
therefore it conveys what the Dowd wants,
and in the imperative as an expression of
second-person volition,
and it denotes God's will.
Therefore,
it is the will of God and of
the Messiah to deliver select humans from
harm's way to provide salvation.
So this statement is also an expression of
cause and effect.
Scribed in the hifil stem,
the subject working with the object will
affect this desired result.
However, in this case,
the object of Yasha's intent,
which would have been the devoted and
reliant, are nowhere to be found.
At least they weren't for three thousand
years from that writing and two thousand
years from the fulfillment.
So from this,
we can deduce that only those who have
an affinity for God
who are genuine in their approach to Him,
who are willing to be observant,
willing to trust and rely on Him,
who are willing to engage in the
relationship,
making a contribution to the family,
and who are devoted sufficiently that they
will continue their work on behalf of Yah
and constantly grow in that relationship.
Only they can be saved.
Also,
for whatever period of time Yahowah and
Dowd were surveying,
which I think is from Malachi through
twenty-five years ago,
there was literally no one on earth that
was prepared to benefit from what they
were offering.
The fact is that until about five or
six years ago,
No one knew that Dowd served as the
Passover lamb or that he fulfilled
un-yeasted bread by taking our guilt into
shield.
Not one person on the entire planet was
aware of that.
Not a person knew how God delivered
salvation in concert with Dowd.
If you don't know what they did,
when they did it, how they did it,
you can't rely on it.
You can't benefit from it as a result.
And we have a pretty well-framed time
frame, if you will,
as to when all of this recalcitrance,
when there were no takers.
And it is similar also through the prophet
Yashayah.
The prophet Yashayah heralds the arrival of
the
of this person who will be an observant
foreigner,
a tree of knowledge for God's people and
his arrival as the voice of God and
as the herald of the king.
And it is quite clear that between the
time of Malachi as the last prophet to
the time that that individual arrives and
begins to convey God's message,
there is absolutely no one on earth that
is responsive to Yahowah.
God says routinely,
I looked and I found no one.
So what Dowd is saying here is affirmed
by God.
So from the beginning with Abraham,
Yahowah has been consistent such that we
should all be aware that when it comes
to the Beryth covenant and the Miqra'ey,
invitations to be called out and meet with
God,
the beneficiaries participate in their
deliverance and salvation.
This is not a place
where anyone is entitled.
This is not a situation where you can
be a deadbeat and say, I want God,
I want you to do everything, save me.
No, it doesn't work that way.
You have to make the effort to make
yourself salvageable.
Now,
Dowd is thereby affirming that our
decision to accept and act upon the five
instructional conditions of the covenant
and participating in it,
and to attend the Mow'ed Miqra'ey that deliver
on the benefits of that covenant,
not only liberate us from the effects and
institutions of man,
but also enable father and son to deliver
salvation.
This is a treatise on what Yashayah
deliverance means.
Liberation and salvation not only go hand
in hand,
but one also leads to the other.
You see, to be saved,
we must first remove ourselves from the
corrupting and corrosive influences of
man's most divisive and duplicitous
individuals and institutions.
This is a lesson on the purpose of
the Towrah.
It is the will and desire of its
author, his inspiration to liberate us,
freeing us so that we might enjoy and
capitalize upon our free will.
This means of course,
that Jews and Christians would both be
wrong in classifying the Towrah's laws.
They are not dictates to be obeyed.
They are instructions to be learned from.
They are guidance and teaching for our
benefit.
So just two words,
and yet for those who recognize that
Yahowah inspired Dowd to write the Mizmowr
Psalms,
they explain what Father and Son are
offering.
They lay out the path to a relationship
within the covenant.
and they reveal God's will for our lives.
They demonstrate the connection between
freedom and salvation,
all while conveying the choice we are
afforded and the benefits derived from it.
As positive and uplifting as these words
are,
then what follows is even more tragic.
And I think the whole thing is fairly
sad because
you know, God and Dowd, Yahowah and Dowd,
wanted to offer a salvation.
They did what they had chosen to do.
They provided this opportunity for us to
be delivered from harm's way.
No one capitalized.
And the more people became religious,
the more they perverted what God was
offering,
making it
unavailable to anyone.
So as positive and unlifting as those
first two words about them being in
agreement to deliver salvation,
the rest is awful.
The reason as few as one in a
million understand what Yahowah inspired
his Messiah to write is that for a
very long period of time,
literally no one was listening.
All of the prophets who revealed Yahowah's
inspiration came after Dowd,
with the exception of Moshe,
Yahowsha ben Nun, Ruth, Deborah,
and the king's contemporaries, Shamuw’el,
Chanah, and Nathan.
And even then,
many of the books written thereafter are
highly suspect.
By the way,
we should add to that Ethan ha 'Ezrachy,
But there are lots of books that follow
that were not inspired.
Nothing in Ezra, Nehemiah,
or Haggai demonstrates that they were
inspired by Yahowah.
As such, these books,
along with Ecclesiastes, Esther, Job,
Jonah,
certainly Enoch and Ezekiel,
they all fall woefully short of the Towrah's
test for determining if a supposed prophet
was speaking for Yahowah, for himself or,
well, for the adversary,
as in the case of Ezekiel.
This would leave us with prophets such as
ElYah, Ethan,
Yoel, Amos, Micaiah, Zephaniah, Howsha,
Chabaquwq, Yirmeyah, Yashaiah, Zechariah,
and Malachi.
And the last two on this list,
Zechariah and Malachi,
wrote between five hundred and four fifty
BCE.
We might have had Yoel writing in between
but right around that time as well.
This would be five centuries after the
Messiah's initial reign.
That was twenty five hundred years ago.
And yet during this intervening period,
there have been very few sufficiently
dedicated to Yahowah to be trustworthy
witnesses on his behalf, if any.
And during most of that time,
There have been none.
It's only within the last twenty five
years that this has begun to change.
There has never been a shortage, however,
of those willing to lie for personal gain.
In fact,
most civilizations and cultures have been
shaped by them.
men speak futile and worthless lies shower
falsely and vainly deceptively and
errantly this is a term that should just
rip the heart out of jews because the
system
that rabbis developed with their
diacritical markings to create the
impression that Hebrew didn't have vowels,
so that they could shape the message and
could hide the pronunciation of Yahowah's
name by changing the pronunciation of the
letters comprising His name.
That system is called Shava,
where they replaced the wa sound with the
v sound,
and that Shoah or shava system
is deceptive.
It's even named deception.
And yet that is the basis of the
Masoretic text.
So when he says that men speak in
futile and worthless lies, Shoah,
what God is saying is rabbis are
worthless.
They are vain, deceptive, and errant.
They are
filled with empty promises and false
narratives.
In association with his loudmouthed and
immoral countrymen, reaʿ huwʾ,
rea' can mean loudmouthed countrymen are
just flat out evil, wicked,
good for nothing, undesirable.
But it's those who are wicked,
undesirable and evil,
even loudmouthed in the company of other
Jews.
They continuously speak with flattering
and yet derisive lips and insulting
praise.
All of their praise for Hashem and G-D,
where all they're really doing is trying
to elevate certain rabbis to distinction
and pretending that those rabbis are
somehow prophets for a God whose name they
erased and who they actually despise.
And it's all an emotional appeal based
upon a double standard,
individual reasoning and personal
motivations.
Or so says the man who should know,
Dowd, the very Son of God,
our Messiah and returning King.
And
Mizmowr, Psalm 12:2
It's quite a menu of insights, isn't it?
So after saying that he and Yahowah working
together agreed that they would deliver
salvation.
He tells us that there were no takers,
that men were not willing to be reliable.
They were not willing to make a
contribution.
They were not suitable.
And therefore, for the longest time,
no one took advantage of the offer of
salvation that God was offering.
And he goes from there to say that
This is because men speak futile and
worthless lies.
And he used a verb that speaks of
vain fraud and deceptive conveyance of
religious pleas.
That is the basis of the Masoretic text,
Shava.
That system of diacritical markings
designed to mislead.
And they do so in association, he said,
with their loudmouthed and immoral
countrymen.
Rea Hugh, his wicked and evil associates,
his good-for-nothing and undesirable
friends with common ethnicities.
They continuously speak with flattering
and yet divisive lips and insulting pride.
Boy,
isn't that the truth of really all of
these horrible,
misrepresented religious...
icons,
the rabbis like Akiba and Maimonides and
Paul, later Muhammad, divisive lips,
insulting praise with emotional appeals
based upon a double standard,
individual reasoning,
personal motivations.
So there are two anomalies here.
here that may simply be an artifact of
ancient hebrew grammar but you should know
them nonetheless each individual which
means individual man was scribed in the
singular form as was rea hugh his immoral
countryman well both verbs were third
person plural
Now this may be Dowd's way of saying
that while one man in particular was
responsible for lighting this destructive
fire, there were many fanning its flames.
Religious deceptions are enormously
popular.
They grow virally.
The false narratives prevail because they
resonate with and are amplified by
the perpetrators of moral countrymen.
All too often,
it is because the instigator,
as was the case with Paul and even
Hitler,
plays to a community sense of superiority.
Same was true with Akiba,
flattering those he seeks to beguile by
telling them what they want to hear,
all while blaming others for their lack of
success.
Far more profound is the realization that
God is opposed to flattery and praise.
After all,
a being who would create an inferior life
form to worship Him would be so insecure
and desperate,
he wouldn't be worth knowing.
When Jews, Christians,
and Muslims purport to praise God during
their worship services,
they are discrediting and demeaning Him,
all while demolishing that
which they do not know,
demonstrating that they certainly don't
know Yahowah.
It is Satan, by the way,
who covets praise.
Also,
we would do well to stop talking and
start listening.
Praying to God is counterproductive.
It is really nothing we can say that
he doesn't already know, and when we do,
we are not listening to him.
In fact,
by inverting the proper order of things,
the prayerful are far more likely to
insult the Almighty than they are to
beneficially engage Him.
This is the reason that Yahowah never once
asks us ever to pray to Him.
But He constantly encourages us to listen
to Him.
We'll go one more line in this psalm
as we call this program.
for today.
It's been lovely, though.
I'm enjoying the breeze here.
I hope the audio is playing decently.
This is a really fine mic that Shor
has made that Rich has dialed in such
that most of the wind that is blowing
by and the ambient sounds of living here
on the island are canceled out,
and all you hear is my voice.
And to that extent, I'm
I'm pleased that we can be out here
in the breeze and in the elements and
bring this to you.
One of the advantages of doing a live
stream is that it comes across as more
sincere.
There is no production value here.
There is no practicing.
There's no rehearsing.
There is no editing.
It's just a constant flow.
Turn on the cameras, turn on the lights,
start the microphone, and here we go.
when we do it outside you can tell
for certain that we haven't edited
anything you can just see the the palms
moving and hear the wind blowing to some
extent but you know as you look out
and you see that sea behind me that
this is all a live stream and it
is done that way because when you're
working with Yahowah he doesn't want
anything hidden and
he wants you to know that you're receiving
his message through someone of his
choosing and that they have all the
confidence and what they are saying from
god is beneficial for you and you can
tell that in this kind of a program
so Yahowah has chosen to cut off and
to exclude every divisive lip and every
insulting bit of praise the tongues
conveying many long speeches,
show their way by them stating,
Through our verbal declarations,
man's greatness will be established
through overwhelming inundation.
Mankind will prevail and our barrage will
be justified because we humans are
irresistible and awe-inspiring and, well,
overbearing in our universal acceptance of
ourselves among the preponderance of
people.
Based upon our languages and our speeches
also is our Lord and Master over us.
There's more lyrics to sing Psalm twelve
four.
That sounds a bit MAGA-ish, doesn't it?
Yes,
with their tongues conveying many long
speeches,
they show their way by them stating that
through our verbal declarations,
man's greatness, make man great again,
make America great again.
I'm not just the president of America,
I'm president of the world.
will be established through overwhelming
inundation.
We're going to continue to spew our verbal
diarrhea and arrogance until you believe
that we are justified,
that we're irresistible,
that we're awe-inspiring.
No, God says, God says, no,
you're revolting.
You're destructive.
You know nothing of God.
You will never be seen in his presence.
Your verbal declarations are yours.
God is the adversary.
Your speeches impose your controlling
mechanisms over others.
So those who listen to what Yahowah has
to say and process his words thoughtfully
and respond rationally, well,
we're cut into the covenant as a result.
And those who speak to him and focus
on their religion and well,
they're considered divisive and thus will
be excluded.
Listen, respond, be included, talk,
do your own thing, excluded.
So unless we're sharing Yahowah's testimony
and helping others understand it,
the fewer speeches we make, the better.
The more we seek a following,
the harder we seek to establish our worth,
the less we will have value in God's
eyes.
When men and women promote a religious or
political ideal, a party or an individual,
they're actually revealing who their Lord
and Master is and that they want to
be Lord and Master.
Equally vital,
those who do so often affirm that they
are
are not led by God.
And so this is a referendum,
just as we talked.
The fact is that in the opening line,
we are told that Yahowah and dote
collaborated because they wanted to
liberate us from ourselves.
They wanted to deliver us from harm's way.
By fulfilling Pesach and Matsah is how
they achieved that.
And you can capitalize upon it or reject
it.
And what they said is that even though
that was their desire to provide it,
that virtually everyone for the longest
period of time, for at least two,
two and a half millennia,
rejected what God offered.
They chose to be religious instead.
They made up lies.
They promoted frauds.
And as a result,
it hasn't been and there wasn't until
quite recently that someone would finally
reintroduce Yahowah's name,
properly reestablish those credentials,
share what they had achieved together and
how to capitalize upon it such that there
would be beneficiaries
of the Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym sacrifice.
And that's our purpose.
And to that extent,
I thank you for listening.
You have a great day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.